mention tactic state in README (#63)
leanprover-community/lean4-mode: README.md

you the type of ``id``. The mode line will show ``FlyC:0/1``, indicating
that there are no errors and one piece of information displayed.

> To view proof state run `lean4-info-mode` - this will show `*Lean Goals*` buffer (like *Lean Goal* pane in VSCode) in a separate window.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the proof state, run `lean4-toggle-info` (`C-c` `C-i`). This will show the `*Lean Goals*` buffer (like the `Lean infoview` pane in VSCode) in a separate window.

```
